[DOCS] Adds 8.19.16  Kibana release notes (#270305)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

include::upgrade-notes.asciidoc[]

[[release-notes-8.19.16]]
== {kib} 8.19.16

The 8.19.16 release includes the following fixes.

[float]
[[fixes-v8.19.16]]
=== Fixes
Alerting::
* Fixes alert index template updates failing when auto-increasing `total_fields.limit` due to system-managed read-only fields ({kibana-pull}262534[#262534]).
Data ingestion and Fleet::
* Fixes integration package `elasticsearch` settings (`index_mode`, `source_mode`, `dynamic_namespace`, and `dynamic_dataset`) changing unexpectedly on package upgrade or reinstall ({kibana-pull}269080[#269080]).
* Fixes Fleet background tasks failing when paginating agent policies sorted on the non-existent `created_at` field ({kibana-pull}267285[#267285]).
* Fixes the **IP Location** processor in **Ingest pipelines** selecting the wrong database when a local `.mmdb` filename matches a managed database display name ({kibana-pull}265740[#265740]).
Elastic Security solution::

> For the Elastic Security 8.19.16 release information, refer to [Elastic Security Solution Release Notes](docs-content://release-notes/elastic-security/index.md).

Author: Need to fix this syntax.

Author: ```suggestion
For the Elastic Security 8.19.16 release information, refer to {security-guide}/release-notes.html[_Elastic Security Solution Release Notes_].
```

Elasticsearch solution::
* Fixes behavioral analytics APIs to reject collection names longer than 1024 characters ({kibana-pull}266225[#266225]).

> Other::

Author: Remove or re-org

Reviewer: yeah remove I think

> * Upgrades `hono` and `@hono/node-server` dependencies used by the Agent Builder MCP server ({kibana-pull}263794[#263794]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
